controls row groups and empty tables (#1782)
dlt-hub/dlt: docs/website/docs/dlt-ecosystem/file-formats/parquet.md

- `flavor`: Sanitize schema or set other compatibility options to work with various target systems. Defaults to None which is **pyarrow** default.
- `version`: Determine which Parquet logical types are available for use, whether the reduced set from the Parquet 1.x.x format or the expanded logical types added in later format versions. Defaults to "2.6".
- `data_page_size`: Set a target threshold for the approximate encoded size of data pages within a column chunk (in bytes). Defaults to None which is **pyarrow** default.

> - `row_group_size`: Set the number of rows in a row group - see remarks below, because `pyarrow` does not handle this setting like you would expect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `row_group_size`: Set the number of rows in a row group. [See here](#row-group-size) how this can optimize parallel processing of queries on your destination over the default setting of `pyarrow`.
```

2. Set the **timestamp_timezone** to empty string (ie. `DATA_WRITER__TIMESTAMP_TIMEZONE=""`) to generate logical type without UTC adjustment.

To our best knowledge, arrow will convert your timezone aware DateTime(s) to UTC and store them in parquet without timezone information.

### Row group size

> `pyarrow` parquet writer writes each item (be it table or batch which is internally converted to table) in a separate row group. This may lead to many small row groups
> to be created which may not be optimal for certain query engines (ie. `duckdb` parallelizes on a row group). `dlt` allows to control the size of the row group by
> buffering and concatenating (0 copy) tables/batches before they are written. You can control the size by setting the buffer size

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `pyarrow` parquet writer writes each item, i.e. table or record batch, in a separate row group. 
This may lead to many small row groups which may not be optimal for certain query engines. For example, `duckdb` parallelizes on a row group.
`dlt` allows controlling the size of the row group by
buffering and concatenating tables and batches before they are written. The concatenation is done as a zero-copy to save memory.
You can control the memory needed by setting the count of records to be buffered as follows:
```

```toml
[extract.data_writer]

> buffer_max_items=1000000

Reviewer: I prefer the scientific notation when we've got a lot of zeros. Wdyt?
```suggestion
buffer_max_items=10e6
```

```

> Mind that we must hold the tables in memory. 1 000 000 rows in example above may take quite large amount of it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mind that `dlt` holds the tables in memory. Thus, 1,000,000 rows in the example above may consume a significant amount of RAM.
```

> `row_group_size` has limited utility with `pyarrow` writer. It will split large tables into many groups if set below item buffer size.

Reviewer: This sentence is not clear to me yet. Is the instruction to the user something like the following?

```suggestion
For the `pyarrow` parquet writer, ensure to have`row_group_size >= buffer_max_items`. Otherwise, your destination might have more row groups than optimal.
```

Author: ohhh so actually the reverse is true. `row_group_size < buffer_max_item` to have any effect. this is the core of the problem I'm fixing here. pyarrow will create row group of size of parquet table being written or smaller. btw. other, well desgined implementations allow to write batches to the same groups. not here

2. Set the **timestamp_timezone** to empty string (ie. `DATA_WRITER__TIMESTAMP_TIMEZONE=""`) to generate logical type without UTC adjustment.

To our best knowledge, arrow will convert your timezone aware DateTime(s) to UTC and store them in parquet without timezone information.

### Row group size
The `pyarrow` parquet writer writes each item, i.e. table or record batch, in a separate row group. 
This may lead to many small row groups which may not be optimal for certain query engines. For example, `duckdb` parallelizes on a row group.
`dlt` allows controlling the size of the row group by
buffering and concatenating tables and batches before they are written. The concatenation is done as a zero-copy to save memory.
You can control the memory needed by setting the count of records to be buffered as follows:
```toml
[extract.data_writer]
buffer_max_items=10e6
```
Mind that `dlt` holds the tables in memory. Thus, 1,000,000 rows in the example above may consume a significant amount of RAM.

> `row_group_size` has limited utility with `pyarrow` writer. It will split large tables into many groups if set below item buffer size.

Reviewer: Got it now, thanks! Maybe we can give a recommendation like this:
```suggestion
Setting `row_group_size` has limited utility with the `pyarrow` parquet writer because large source tables can end up fragmented into too many groups.
Thus, we recommend setting `row_group_size < buffer_max_items` only when the write_disposition is `"replace"`.
For all other write dispositions, we recommend the default `row_group_size` to avoid fragmentation.
```

Author: row groups do not map to write dispositions like this... I think this is only relevant to advanced users that optimize their parquet files for a particular query engine...
